YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO THE ENTIRE TEXT OF THE AGILENT MHDAC
LICENSE, INCLUDED BELOW:

==In plain English==

This converter distribution contains ISB written code as well as the
core Agilent libraries ("MHDAC", see below) necessary for stand-alone
conversion of Agilent's MassHunter ".d" format into open XML-based
formats.

The Agilent MHDAC libraries are strictly the property of Agilent.
Agilent is kindly allowing us to include these files in our
distribution.  These files are closed source.  They may not be
redistributed apart from this project.  If interested in obtaining the
MHDAC for your own project, please contact Agilent directly.

The MHDAC is used by the ISB's LGPL 2.1-licensed code.  The core ISB
code is licensed in this way to require reciprocal contributions: in
other words, you can look at the ISB source code and change it, but if
you redistribute it yourself you must include the source code *and*
any changes you make.

In order to interface with the MHDAC code, the ISB code also contains
Apache 2.0-licensed code.  This Apache-licensed code was created to
legally separate the core ISB LGPL code and the closed Agilent code.
The ISB wants to make clear that the ISB's LGPL licensed code *in no
way* implies that the Agilent MHDAC fall under any sort of
open-source and/or reciprocal burden, although it is used in the
(mostly) LGPL project.

--Natalie Tasman, Trapper Author (ISB/SPC)



==AGILENT MASSHUNTER DATA ACCESS COMPONENT (MHDAC) USER LICENSE==

Agilent grants to ISB under Agilent's intellectual property rights a
royalty free, limited and terminable license to distribute solely to
end users the Agilent proprietary MassHunter Data Access Component
(herein "MHDAC") executable library without fee and concurrently with
the ISB main and ISB MHDACWrapper software and other ISB code that is
licensed under the Library General Public License v. 2.0 (LGPL
v.2). The executable software for the Agilent MHDAC library are owned
and licensed by Agilent under the standard Agilent software terms and
conditions, which are listed in full below.  The Agilent software is
owned and licensed by Agilent.  This license grant does not include
any access or license to source code for the Agilent MHDAC software.
Agilent further grants a license to ISB to implement the Agilent MHDAC
headers in the ISB LGPL licensed code for the limited purpose of
making appropriate use of the MHDAC type enumerations so that the ISB
apache and LGPL licensed code is compatible with the Agilent MHDAC
proprietary library. This limited license includes the right to have
the Apache-licensed MHDACWrapper program return an object to the LGPL
licensed library that contains MHDAC data types.



==AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS==

ATTENTION: USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE LICENSE TERMS SET
FORTH BELOW.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE LICENSE TERMS, THEN (A) DO
NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE, AND (B) YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE
FOR A FULL REFUND, OR, IF THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED AS PART OF ANOTHER
PRODUCT, YOU MAY RETURN THE ENTIRE PRODUCT FOR A FULL
REFUND. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS NOTICE,
INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE
OF THESE TERMS.  AGILENT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

SOFTWARE. "Software" means one or more computer programs in object
code format, whether stand-alone or bundled with other products, and
related documentation.

LICENSE GRANT. Agilent grants you a non-exclusive license to use one
copy of the Software for internal purposes in accordance with these
License Terms and the documentation provided with the Software. Such
documentation may include license terms provided by Agilent's third
party suppliers, which will apply to the use of the Software and take
precedence over these License Terms. In the absence of documentation
specifying the applicable license, you may use one copy of the
Software on one machine or instrument. If the software is licensed for
concurrent or network use, you may not allow more than the maximum
number of authorized users to access and use the software
concurrently.

LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. You may make copies or adaptations of the
Software only for archival purposes or only when copying or adaptation
is an essential step in the authorized use of the Software. You must
reproduce all copyright notices in the original Software on all
permitted copies or adaptations. You may not copy the Software onto
any public or distributed network.

UPGRADES. This license does not entitle you to receive upgrades,
updates or technical support. Such services may be purchased
separately.

OWNERSHIP. The Software and all copies thereof are owned and
copyrighted by Agilent or its third party suppliers.  Agilent and its
third party suppliers retain all right, title and interest in the
Software. Agilent's third party suppliers may protect their rights in
the Software in the event of any violation of these License Terms.

NO DISASSEMBLY. You may not disassemble or otherwise modify the
Software without written authorization from Agilent, except as
permitted by law. Upon request, you will provide Agilent with
reasonably detailed information regarding any permitted disassembly or
modification.  High Risk Activities. The Software is not specifically
designed, manufactured or intended for use in the planning,
construction, maintenance or direct operation of a nuclear facility,
nor for use in on line control or fail safe operation of aircraft
navigation, control or communication systems, weapon systems or direct
life support systems.

TRANSFER. You may transfer the license granted to you here provided
that you deliver all copies of the Software to the transferee along
with these License Terms and pay any applicable fees to the extent
permissible under local laws. The transferee must accept these License
Terms as a condition to any transfer. Your license to use the Software
will terminate upon transfer.

TERMINATION. Agilent may terminate your license upon notice for breach
of these License Terms. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy
all copies of the Software.

EXPORT REQUIREMENTS. If you export, re-export or import Software,
technology or technical data licensed hereunder, you assume
responsibility for complying with applicable laws and regulations and
for obtaining required export and import authorizations. Agilent may
terminate this license immediately if you are in violation of any
applicable laws or regulations.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Software and technical data rights
granted to the federal government include only those rights
customarily provided to end user customers. Agilent provides this
customary commercial license in Software and technical data pursuant 
to FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and 12.212 (Computer Software) and, 
for the Department of Defense, DFARS 252.227-7015 
(Technical Data - Commercial Items) and DFARS 227.7202-3 
(Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software 
Documentation).
